How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced
It helped point out the differences between the files without me having to compare the files line by line -- which could have been tedious if the file had included hundreds or even thousands of lines of code.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
It could enable me to make changes that I think will improve a program or fix a bug, and then have a control for testing whether the change worked. If it didn't, I could revert to the original file. 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?
Pros of manually choosing when to create a commit:
- You avoid having versions saved that may be partial and not useful (i.e., they might not even compile)
- You can break commits up into logical or functional changes, making it easier to identify and find a change if  you need to go back and revisit it.
Cons of manually choosing when to create a commit:
- You might forget to commit for a long time, so that when you do commit the diff is long and complicated

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google docs, treat each file separately?
Because Git is designed for users who are working on repositories of related files in which changes are more likely to be made across multiple files.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
You can use git log to see all of your commits. You can use git diff to see what was changed between each commit.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
It would reassure me that if I broke anything I could figure out what broke it without a lot of tedious comparing of lines of code.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I just want to start working on Project 2 so I don't fall behind!
